Build: enable publish to Bintray (#472)
playframework/play-json: RELEASING.md

# Releasing

> This is released from the `master` branch from `2.9.0` forward. Unless and older version needs patching, when it is release from the `2.8.x` branch. If there is no branch for the release that needs patching, create it from the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is released from the `master` branch from `2.9.0` forward. Unless an older version needs patching, then it must be released from the `2.8.x` branch. If there is no branch for the release that needs patching, create it from the tag.
```
